m1/price-options/README.md, before:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh


…or create a new repository on the command line
echo "# milestoneEightReactRouter" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/salehiin/milestoneEightReactRouter.git
git push -u origin main
…or push an existing repository from the command line
git remote add origin https://github.com/salehiin/milestoneEightReactRouter.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main



# Template
const Link = () =>{

    

    return (
        <div></div>
    );
};

export default Link;

# how to show data dynamically - V44.4-07:00 to v44.5-01:20
# how to change name if duplicate v44.6 - 04:00

# 44.8 - explore react awesome components
#   https://github.com/brillout/awesome-react-components

# 45.1 - react router intro with setup, Single Page Application(SPA),
#   ***https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/tutorial - should read strongly recommented   
#   watch frequently to clear react router

# 45.2 - nested route, outlet
#   https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/tutorial#nested-routes

# 45.3 - Link alternative of <a> - no reload, nested routing - 10:34(impoortant to watch again)
# 45.4 - loader, data load using prop, internel/esternal css, grid
# 45.5 - 







# DISM /Online /Cleanup-Image /RestoreHealth

Commit message:

v45.5-6 dynamic routing, route to details page, fetch data

m1/price-options/README.md, after:

# React + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh


…or create a new repository on the command line
echo "# milestoneEightReactRouter" >> README.md
git init
git add README.md
git commit -m "first commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/salehiin/milestoneEightReactRouter.git
git push -u origin main
…or push an existing repository from the command line
git remote add origin https://github.com/salehiin/milestoneEightReactRouter.git
git branch -M main
git push -u origin main



# Template
const Link = () =>{

    

    return (
        <div></div>
    );
};

export default Link;

# how to show data dynamically - V44.4-07:00 to v44.5-01:20
# how to change name if duplicate v44.6 - 04:00

# 44.8 - explore react awesome components
#   https://github.com/brillout/awesome-react-components

# 45.1 - react router intro with setup, Single Page Application(SPA),
#   ***https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/tutorial - should read strongly recommented   
#   watch frequently to clear react router

# 45.2 - nested route, outlet
#   https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/tutorial#nested-routes

# 45.3 - Link alternative of <a> - no reload, nested routing - 10:34(impoortant to watch again)
# 45.4 - loader, data load using prop, internel/esternal css, grid
# 45.5 - dynamic routing - click to "User Details" to show detail page
# 45.6 - recap fetch data and details - only video to clear







# DISM /Online /Cleanup-Image /RestoreHealth
